If you have the guts to reach out to Negiye City
Still holding me and protecting me for your parents
Your dad's game is like this now
It's all on you
What will it become? I'm not a good person. It's scary.
What are you doing? How is my father?
Why is it booted suddenly?
The stem brain of life goes to the flag. Please don’t take care of yourself.
What are you? Are you sure? There is really no other way
From that piece of people to this present gift
How could you go to the room?
Vice President, I still don’t have much to say above.
By the way, I don’t even want to do the superficial job of looking for a good old man.
Then why don't you continue to fight? You don't want to meet each other?
Why didn't you come?